{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 GOOD DAY.\
\
\
\'a0 URGENT - HELP ME DISTRIBUTE MY $12 MILLION TO HUMANITARIAN.\
\
\
THIS MAIL MIGHT COME TO YOU AS A SURPRISE AND THE TEMPTATION TO IGNORE IT\
AS UNSERIOUS COULD COME INTO YOUR MIND BUT PLEASE CONSIDER IT A DIVINE\
WISH AND ACCEPT IT WITH A DEEP SENSE OF HUMILITY. I AM MRS HELEN GEORGE\
AND I AM A 61 YEARS OLD WOMAN. I AM A SOUTH AFRICAN MARRIED TO A SIERRA\
LEONIA.\
\
I WAS THE PRESIDENT/CEO OF OIL COMPANY INTERNATIONAL-AN OIL SERVICING\
COMPANY IN JOHANNESBURG. I WAS ALSO MARRIED WITH NO CHILD. MY HUSBAND\
DIED 3YEARS AGO. BEFORE THIS HAPPENED MY BUSINESS AND CONCERN FOR MAKING\
MONEY WAS ALL I WAS LIVING FOR AND I NEVER REALLY CARED ABOUT OTHER\
PEOPLE. BUT SINCE THE LOSS OF MY HUSBAND AND ALSO BECAUSE I HAD HAVE NO\
CHILD TO CALL MY OWN, I HAVE FOUND A NEW DESIRE TO ASSIST THE HELPLESS, I\
HAVE BEEN HELPING ORPHANS IN ORPHANAGES/MOTHERLESS HOMES/HUMANITARIANS. I\
HAVE DONATED SOME MONEY TO ORPHANS IN SUDAN,ETHIOPIA, CAMEROON, SPAIN,\
AUSTRIA, GERMANY AND SOME ASIAN COUNTRIES.\
\
IN SUMMARY:- I HAVE 12,000,000.00 (TWELVE MILLION) U. S. DOLLARS WHICH I\
DEPOSITED IN A SECURITY COMPANY IN COTONOU BENIN REPUBLIC AS A FAMILY\
TREASURE & ARTEFACTS, PLEASE I WANT YOU TO NOTE THAT THE SECURITY\
COMPANY DOES NOT KNOW THE REAL CONTENT TO BE MONEY AND I WANT YOU TO\
ASSIST ME IN CLAIMING THE CONSIGNMENT & DISTRIBUTING THE MONEY TO CHARITY\
ORGANIZATIONS, I AGREE TO REWARD YOU WITH PART OF THE MONEY FOR YOUR\
ASSISTANCE, KINDNESS AND PARTICIPATION IN THIS GODLY PROJECT. BEFORE I\
BECAME ILL, I KEPT $12 MILLION IN A LONG-TERM DEPOSIT IN A SECURITY\
COMPANY WHICH I DECLARED AS A FAMILY TREASURE ARTIFIARTS.I AM IN THE\
HOSPITAL WHERE I HAVE BEEN UNDERGOING TREATMENT\
FOR OESOPHAGEAL CANCER AND MY DOCTORS HAVE TOLD ME THAT I HAVE ONLY A FEW\
MONTHS TO LIVE.\
\
IT IS MY LAST WISH TO SEE THIS MONEY DISTRIBUTED TO CHARITY\
ORGANIZATIONS. BECAUSE MY RELATIVES AND FRIENDS HAVE PLUNDERED SO MUCH OF\
MY WEALTH SINCE MY ILLNESS, I CANNOT LIVE WITH THE AGONY OF ENTRUSTING\
THIS HUGE RESPONSIBILITY TO ANY OF THEM. PLEASE, I BEG YOU IN THE NAME OF\
GOD TO HELP ME COLLECT THE $12 MILLION WHICH I DEPOSIT WITH THE NAME OF\
MY LATE HUSBAND AS THE NEXT OF KIN BECAUSE NOW DUE TO MY HEALTH THE\
SECURITY COMPANY IS DEMANDING FOR A NEXT OF KIN IN OTHER TO GET THE MONEY\
TRANSFERRED IN OTHER TO SEE THAT MY LAST WISH IS ACCOMPLISHED WHICH IS\
SHARING THE MONEY AMONG CHARITY ORGANIZATIONS.YOU ARE AT LIBERTY TO USE\
YOUR DISCRETION TO DISTRIBUTE THE MONEY AND FEEL FREE AS WELL TO\
REIMBURSE YOURSELF WHEN YOU HAVE THE MONEY FOR ANY EXPENSES IN\
DISTRIBUTING THE MONEY TO CHARITY ORGANIZATIONS.\
\
I AM WILLING TO REWARD YOU FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE AND KINDNESS.\
\
KINDLY EXPEDITE ACTION AND CONTACT ME VIA EMAIL AT mrshelges@yeah.net\
FOR MORE DETAILS.\
MAY THE GOOD LORD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY?\
BEST REGARDS.\
}